# TPAC Web Components meeting - 19 September 2016

This meeting will take place on 19 September 2016 as part of [TPAC 2016](https://www.w3.org/2016/09/TPAC/)

## Expected attendees

### Will attend

* Hayato Ito (Google)
* Takayoshi Kochi (Google)
* Chaals (Yandex)
* LÃ©onie Watson (TPG)
* Dominic Cooney (Google)
* Kris Borchers (jQuery Foundation)
* Domenic Denicola (Google)

### Hope to attend

* TBD

## Agenda

### Intro / Agenda bash - What issues make sense today?
### Accessibility: 11am?
* [Web Component ARIA Issue 552](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/552)
* [Web Component and Extensibility Issue 553](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/553)

## Agenda Candidates
### HTML Modules (as the successor of HTML Imports):
* TODO: Have a doc and share it to clarify use cases

### Custom Elements
- https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/468
- maybe https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/176 and https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/113

### Shadow DOM feature requests for v2
- https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/300
- https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/479

Please add your name, and agenda requests here by [editing a branch and making a Pull Request](https://github.com/w3c/WebPlatformWG/blob/gh-pages/meetings/16-09-19TPAC-1.md), or by mail to either the public-webapps mailing list or the chairs of the Web Platform group, which will result in it being posted here.

## Background reading

* [Issues list](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/)

## Logistics

<dl>
  <dt>Date/time</dt>
  <dd>8.30am - 6pm, Monday 19 September 2016</dd>
  <dt>Location</dt>
  <dd>Room 1.15, Centro de Congressos de Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal.</dd>
</dl>

Further information will be posted here as it becomes available.
