# TPAC HTML, Directory Upload, Index DB and Web Platform meeting - 23 September 2016

This meeting will take place on 23 September 2016 as part of [TPAC 2016](https://www.w3.org/2016/09/TPAC/)

## Expected attendees

Please add your name, and agenda requests here by [editing a branch and making a Pull Request](https://github.com/w3c/WebPlatformWG/edit/gh-pages/meetings/16-09-23TPAC-4.md), or by mail to either the public-webapps mailing list or the chairs of the Web Platform group, which will result in it being posted here.

### Will attend

* Steve Faulkner (TPG)
* Joshua Bell (Google)
* Léonie Watson (TPG)
* Kenji Baheux (Google)
* Chaals (Yandex)
* Ian Pouncey (TPG)
* Olli Pettay - Smaug (Mozilla)
* Tobie Langel (IE)
* Travis Leithead (Microsoft - HTML editor), morning only
* Gary Kacmarcik (Google)

#### Observers
* Branimir Angelov,  (Wacom Europe)
* Tomek Wytrębowicz (Starcounter)

### Hope to attend

* Dominic Cooney (Google) (may observe ARIA WG depending on Monday's ARIA/Web Components meeting)
* Michiel Bijl (TPG) (hope to split the day between HTML and ARIA)

## Agenda
### HTML

* HTML5.2
 * Editor's update
 * Open technical issues
 * Modularisation
 * WHATWG compatibility
 * Incubation

### Indexed DB

* Overview of what's landed in [Indexed DB](https://w3c.github.io/IndexedDB/#revision-history)
   * [High level summary](https://w3c.github.io/IndexedDB/#revision-history)
   * Normative additions, editorial changes, calls for review of specific sections
* Exploratory feature: [Observers](https://github.com/wicg/indexed-db-observers)
* Exploratory feature: [Promises](https://github.com/inexorabletash/indexeddb-promises)
* Outstanding [bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/w3c/IndexedDB/issues)
   * Triage what [spec issues](https://github.com/w3c/IndexedDB/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22spec+issue%22) must be addressed for V2
   * Time permitting, triage [feature requests](https://github.com/w3c/IndexedDB/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22feature+request%22) (v2, v3, never)

### Directory Upload (and Download?)

* Status of browser implementations for "directory upload"
* Status of specs: [Entries API](https://wicg.github.io/entries-api/) (chrome compat), [Directory Upload](https://wicg.github.io/directory-upload/proposal.html) (new API proposal)
* Exploratory feature: [Directory download](https://github.com/drufball/directory-download)
* Exploratory feature: [Writable files](https://github.com/wicg/writable-files)

#### WebIDL

* Update on progress (Tobie Langel)

### Web Platform WG

* A quick check on the [status of our deliverables](https://www.w3.org/WebPlatform/WG/PubStatus)
* Update on rechartering. See the [current proposed charter](http://w3c.github.io/charter-html/group-charter.html)
* Change to work mode for CFCs
* Communicating better

### ARIA

The ARIA group have requested a joint meeting to discuss
1. ARIA 2 semantics
2. ARIA extensibility
3. Web Components - likely to be moved to the [Web Components agenda](https://github.com/w3c/WebPlatformWG/blob/gh-pages/meetings/16-09-19TPAC-1.md)

### UI Events

* [UI Events](https://w3c.github.io/uievents/) - Oustanding Issues & Testing
* [System Keyboard Lock proposal](https://github.com/jondahlke/system-keyboard-lock/blob/master/EXPLAINER.md)

## Background reading

* [Let's talk about HTML5.2](https://github.com/w3c/WebPlatformWG/blob/gh-pages/posts/lets-talk-about-html52.md)

## Logistics

<dl>
  <dt>Date/time</dt>
  <dd>9am - 6pm, Friday 23 September 2016</dd>
  <dt>Location</dt>
  <dd>Auditorium III, First Floor, Centro de Congressos de Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal.</dd>
  c
</dl>

Further information will be posted here as it becomes available.
